Styling React Applications: Update styling recommendations (#27874)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/the_react_ecosystem/styling_react_applications.md

### Introduction

In the previous courses, you've learned a lot of CSS and all of those skills are still applicable to React, however there are a couple of things we'd like to highlight. As you've probably already noticed, all of the styles we write share the global scope, which means that as our application grows, it becomes increasingly difficult to manage our CSS. Some of the tools mentioned below will help solve this problem, however it's important to note that the main purpose of this lesson is to be more of a guide or a list of available options for you to explore when it comes to styling React applications.

### Lesson overview

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- Know about ways to style React applications

### CSS Modules

> Regular CSS is the simplest way to style. CSS Modules let you write CSS style declarations that are scoped locally, which means that we finally no longer have to worry about our class names potentially conflicting with other classes in the global scope, i.e. we can now have two (or more) classes with the same name but different styles, and avoid naming your classes `.list-wrapper`, `.item-wrapper` etc. and just use `.wrapper` with its respective component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular CSS is the simplest way to style. CSS Modules let you write CSS style declarations that are scoped locally, which means that we finally no longer have to worry about our class names potentially conflicting with other classes in the global scope. For example, we can have several CSS module files containing a `.wrapper` class, but each module's `.wrapper` will be treated as different to each other.
```
The above is purely a suggestion, so you don't have to take it at all. Just mainly feeling like it'd be best to just briefly explain how a class in one CSS module is different to the same class name in another CSS module.
I'm not sure the current example is 100% applicable (I'm being very nitpicky here!), since you may still want to use class names like `list-wrapper` and `item-wrapper` between/within CSS modules for various reasons.

Author: You are right, I guess it could be even redundant. People will find explanations for what it really is when they eventually get to the assignment.

Reviewer: Agreed, especially when the documentation for CSS modules is already linked as an assigned reading.
We could probably just leave it at something like
> Regular CSS is the simplest way to style. CSS Modules let you write locally scoped CSS style declarations, preventing many issues with clashing class names in the global scope.

Author: Already done! :)

> Agreed, especially when the documentation for CSS modules is already linked as an assigned reading. We could probably just leave it at something like
> 
> > Regular CSS is the simplest way to style. CSS Modules let you write locally scoped CSS style declarations, preventing many issues with clashing class names in the global scope.

<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--tip" markdown="1" >

> For the learning purposes throughout this course, we recommend that you avoid using CSS frameworks or component libraries, and instead implement your component's styling from scratch i.e. use [CSS Modules](#vanilla-css) or a [CSS-in-JS](#css-in-js) option. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For learning purposes throughout this course, we recommend that you avoid using CSS frameworks or component libraries, and instead implement your component's styling from scratch i.e. use [CSS Modules](#vanilla-css) or a [CSS-in-JS](#css-in-js) option. 
```

Nit: "For learning purposes" (omitting "the") is more appropriate here.
